10 Sep, 2022
Today’s Lithuanian language lesson was used to talk about the history and various things of Lithuania, along with other random topics.
We were told about thirteen Lithuanian died when they went to defend their buildings that were used by their council back then. It has me once again think about if we had done enough in out struggle.
Two African joined during the latter half of the class. Their English was fluent and fast, I struggle to follow.
I was kind of surprised when one of them asked me what we did when the pandemic came after asking which country I came from. I told him about stocking food, mask and toilet paper. Apparently we are not the only ones that would laugh about hording toilet paper. I was glad that at least I could say that we were not the only ones, nor the first that stocked toilet paper. Embarrassing nonetheless.
Another topic I wasn't quite sure how it came up, but ⁶
the teacher also mentioned something about psychology. One of the statements was that, if one worries having people behind him/her, it is medical condition.

The three women that told me to go to the psychologist yesterday was in the hallway when we came out from the classroom talking to the guard at the counter. Someone stayed behind overtook me and stopped to listen when I wanted to pass. But it was nothing, he moved to let me pass a few seconds after I stepped aside and waited.

Shortly after returned to my room, the three women came with the guard and told us to remove the clothes from the windows. Happened it was the guard who didn’t speak English this time (yesterday, it was a guard (another one) came to asked what the matter was and told me it was just an offer (to visit the psychologist) after talking to the women.) and one of the women told us to remove the clothes we put on the grille in simple English.

Seems that I have written a lot about today’s seemingly meaningless trivial matters. There are more actually, almost everyday. But I hope it will do for today.
