(inserted on 20230504)
If these entries really reach any real person, you might wonder why they have not stopped me from writing if what I am writing is true. I do have some guesses, but all I can say is that, there are "how dare you" implications, which invites yet another why, since they know I know they know what I am writing, I have mentioned many times.

For numerous time, I also tried to interpret the whole situation in another way, to think it couldn't be this crazy, but no, it wouldn't add up. It is more like a part of me is trying to remain hopeful.

(A few hours after adding the above paragraph)
It seems that I was reaffirmed of my folly that even letting it cross my mind.

Another thing is I was asked to sign the "piniginės pašalpos smulkioms išlaidoms išmokėjimo žiniaraštis" and receive the 15.7 euros at the entrance lobby of the camp when I came back from outside. It is earlier than previous months. Not sure if it means something.

---

20230502
I wonder if what I wrote reached any real person. If it did, can I safely assume that stopping writing won't mislead you into thinking things changed for the better? Actually, I have not written all that are serious.

In most entries I wrote about only the things that were not "in the routine", the background has not changed since the beginning. Sometimes it might be "quieter" but never more than a few days. Having being here for one year, I think it is safe to say that there was at least something in more than 250 days if not 300.

The constant surveillance is of course on going. Privacy violation including information acquired by the constant surveillance shared to pretty much everyone I can see not just inside and but also outside the camp. That everyone doesn't just feel very good about it but also gets involved.

Taunts that are not particularly for physical action like the one I have written about are always there. Everything is a tool including kids. The kids have been part of their harassment, I have mentioned this since last year. Judging from the fact that the kids are still doing the same, their parents probably feel proud using them. Some kids who looked around 5 just said "f you" around me yesterday. Around me, not directly to me, just like how their adult counterparts do it. I don't know if anyone would think that it could be coincidence, I surely won't with a year experience.

I would have ignored them (by which I mean not even mentioning them) just like I would have ignored those in my homeland. But just like those in my homeland, they don't not just feel good, for whatever reason they want, but also do something that directly affect you as a group.

I am writing these trivialities to indicate things haven't change. Including that they still say something like, king, big boss, baby, big man as if that magically justifies what they do.

I won't be surprised if some of them convinced themselves. I can see how it could be twisted if not look at the full picture.

If I do not write anymore without explicitly stating changes, it means things haven't changed, or worse.

---

P.S. (Written on 20230503)
Some other things include that they would arbitrarily interpret the information they get from the surveillance. And don't you think that you can simply ignore it. They'll talk within their own circle and maybe play a drama, and voila, it becomes a truth for them and YOU are responsible for that. And then they feel anything they do can be justified. There is no end of it.

Weaponizing race, including utilising it indirectly. Such as having one of them act as a third person to talk as if another one of them is a victim of racism when the fact is that they are menacing around (works like the plain old mutual admiration society). I don't know how they formulate their logic and believe that it makes sense, or if they care if it makes sense at all. Perhaps they use selective interpretation. Perhaps because the anti-racist sentiment around the world has gone over-board and many people fall for it. This among many others is a grave problem the self-critical people should be alarmed for. Just like human is not ready for real communism (doesn't mean any so-called x-form of communism or socialism automatically become a suitable substitution for the time being), this world is not safe enough for us to be overly consumed with self-criticism. Don't get me wrong, self-criticism is a virtue and, by all means, keep being critical of yourselves. But at the same time, we have to be wary that it would be taken advantage of. It seems to me many countries are being toppled by such composition of silliness from one side and selfishness from another, while there are countries that weaponize it at a state level.

I am not a political expert. The opinions are formed by real-life experiences. What I write are not any in-depth analyses either. I am a very simple man. When I see assholes, I call them assholes, regardless of their race.