20240215

Being detented with absurd reason at the Riga international airport. Trapped in the departure area forbade to leave or boarding any flight.

Required to buy extra tickets to be allow to be allowed to board a flight to leave. Spent money to buy ticket that proved useless later because they changed reqirements.

Shamefully succumbed to pressure and signed a note which was said to mean that I was fully responsible for boarding a flight with an expiring passport.

Arrived in the UK and seek asylum here.

---

However, if I have not mistaken, things really have gone the way I have always worried. I am probably framed as having "vulnerabilities", or psychological problems to be blunt. Even trying to record will be used against me and I have to suffer consequences for trying.

I am really constantly being recorded and the recordings are really being cherry picked to use against me.

For example, although I clearly told the foreigner's registration centre that I was leaving Lithuania and not returning, which I appreciated their consensus, but somehow one of the sentences I said was probably, "sorry, missed the train in the afternoon. Really not returning this time, I am going out." is cherry picked into simply "I am going out" and I am framed as lied to the foreigner's registration centre of Lithuania.

I don't know if it is Lithuania doing this or someone hiding doing this kind of thing. But the cruel fact is that I won't even be able to convince enough people just to stay safe.

They have the power and influence of authority, technologies and other resources available to them, and connection to more and more capacities mentioned or not mentioned above.

As a simple man, there is nothing I can do but suffer. Having thought that truth will prevail was perhaps delusional.

Like one of the mockeries, "this guy never learns". They were probably right on that.

They can easily convince others and put labels on me with me and I don't even have a chance to ask what is happening, I won't even be told if anyone thinks or believes something but to suffer the consequences directly. Even if I realise something is wrong, I won't have a chance to ask for details and correct the wrongs.

Even being poor, saving money for emergencies could be used to condemn me. Even being blocked from accessing my last savings (which again can be easily influenced) will cause me double suffering of both having no money and not spending appropriately.

This shall be the last entry, things I write will not be able to convince enough people but to further endanger myself.

Such is the cruel reality.
