Unlike the others entries. This one is more like a reminder. There are a lot of details that's hard to explain.

8 Oct, 2022
Three days ago, I went out and bought an electric kettle and a bottle. Apparently the electric kettle is not allowed into the Foreigners Registration Centre while knives almost as big as cleavers are allowed. Also, a guard said that there should be an electric kettle in the kitchen on each floor. I checked again several times after, nope, there isn't one. The guards said the kettle will stay with the social workers. I am not sure if there are differences between the terms social workers and volunteers here. I will just use social workers like they do.

I rarely go out because I have very little money which I planned, before I know that what happened in my homeland would repeat here, to save for the expense when I have work permit. I went out with just a shirt, I was asked if I didn't feel cold. I replied that I don't have many clothes and want to save my coat for colder days.

6 Oct, I asked to take the kettle back for refund. I was asked if I didn't feel cold again, and I gave the same response again. The social workers came with the kettle and offered to give me clothes. Quite a change, I thought and thankfully accepted.

A photo of my ID for the Center was taken in the process. I am not saying put of privacy concern, if you have read my previous writings, you would know that my privacy is long gone. I am just saying because I have no idea about the process. It's the first time in 5 months I received clothes. 2 or 3 months ago, I was offered like 2 underwears and a T-shirt, which I didn't accept because of the distrust of that social worker. After these months, now I know that it was not a problem of that particular social worker.

The shop keeper said that the owner was out for a meeting and told me to return the next day when the owner would be there.

7 Oct, I went to the shop again, the shop keeper said that she asked and was allowed to give me a refund. It was not surprising that she was alone, and actually although it was sad, at least it was not thrill that was on her face. Am I again imagining someone has a heart?

Later in the day, I asked about the rumor of food allowance, and I realize nothing has changed. I am slow and naive to have thought otherwise. Nothing changed since I came to believe I am still under the grasp of the CCP or equivalent. Nothing changed since months before I left my homeland.

I am sorry that I don't quite know how to discribe it yet.
