20231223

There were some serious things that I don't want to write about at the moment.

One of which is that on 20 Dec 2023 O received an email from the Migration Department that the law firm Glimstedt terminated the legal service to me. Asked about the reason and it said I pose a real threat to their health and life. Emailed the law firm again and asked how I pose a threat to their health life. Got replied that they are not commenting. A little surprised that it was replied at all, since I had been sending emails and calling and almost always it was not replied or connectable, including but not limited to all of the recent ones. Not writing the details here.

Other than that, there has always been people that happened to talk outside my room, or anywhere around me, in addition to the normal ones you would encounter*. In a way that seemed to be meant for you but at the same time didn't care if you really hear them or not. I know it sounds strange, but strange is normal here, around me at least.

Recently, there were a few louder ones I don't know if they fall into the same category. One happened tonight and it turned out to be someone talking to some officers. It happened that when I went into the toilet, they also moved to the toilet. But no one talked to me. Let's hope it had nothing to do with me.

There were some changes about the phone camera aiming. Some good and some bad. On the surface at least.

The noise* in the room becomes nasty from time to time*. The recent days are one of those occasions. it has changed since about 1/2 years ago, but still has most of the properties I described [here](https://github.com/locharp/asylum_diary/tree/main/aac). One difference being the size of affected area, though not necessarily, but tend to be much larger now. It still does not come from a few reachable noise sources I checked. The effect was so strong that I was forced to sit outside the room to avoid it earlierl tonight. An officer came and said it is bad. I asked what. He came close to clap on the surface I was sitting on.
