12 Sep, 2022
Additional to the entry yesterday (11 Sep, 2022).
When I was going to another sector via the hallway, a guard behind the counter came out to stop me and told me to go back to my floor (5/F) and use the other stairs to go the long way via the park. It was raining.

During the lesson a topic about teaching children was brought up. One said it is hard nowadays and told about they wanted to tell a child to do something good for him, and the child knows that it is good him, but the child refuse to listen because they do not tell him nicely. The teacher disagreed and said that people have too much freedom nowadays.

12 Sep, 2022
Was told to go and get an allowance of 14.70 euros. I was told that it is an allowance according to the law and a certain department. Asked about another allowance I was told about. Reply was there is no other allowance. Also asked if there is information other than the ones on the boards in the hallways. Was told to google or write applications to ask. Asked if there is other readily avavilable information. Answer was again write applications.

I am often told to write applications. Actually I have written a few letters (as a method to communicate) and a few applications before. Most of the time there was no reply. The suggestion of writing applications comes quite often though. Even when what I asked was if I should have something others had. Even when I didn't asked any question.

I was stopped when I tried to take a photo of the paper to sign. Reason was there were information of others. Come to think about it, I heard that our the teacher has our personal information, not sure about the exact amount. since there have been much worse privacy vio
lations on me, I am not sure if there is any meaning to ask.

This is the second time I recieve an allowance of 14.70 euros. Or it is the third if another one which I didn't take is also counted. The first allowance which I didn't take was for July. I was noticed by a supposed fellow refugee on 11 August. The amount for me was 1.42 euros. 
