Although I have said that I don't want to continue writing many time. It is probably better to describe the situation a bit. I still am not able to live normally even for an asylum seeker. Problems and conflicts are being created. Sick as it has been. It has been more than 3 years already. Imagine if these people put their efforts in constructive activities instead... or simply not to doing anything if that's asking too much.



After HK and Lithuania, I am sure I am still being persecuted here in the UK. Still under influence and control where I can hardly do anything. Even access to the basic support is being controlled. Cannot safely and reliably contact anyone or any governmental or non-governmental organisation either.


Things happened include my health being damaged. Unnatural (phone) camera aiming at me. And many other things that happened in Lithuania and HK, and extra. Includes dramas, both the ones that are played to me and the ones that the people are enjoying themselves just by playing regardless of whether I hear or know what they are playing. Chance is that some of these people are being paid or rewarded while they are doing this kind of things, too. Gfg. No, not good game. But seeing that things like this happen all over the world, that might as well be correct.


From what I can tell there is the same sick mentality behind, where some people are satisfying their sick desires by diminishing my human dignity and rights.

And there is the same availability of people happy to be part of it. Gfg. 


Every now and then there are suggestions or circumstances that create the necessity to go to the reception.


About a week ago, a package of clothes was given to me. The package was opened and the contents were strange.

20240319
A security staff told me to go to the reception, saying that they will give me shoes. I mentioned that the package was opened. They said it's ok. I was given a shoe to try with. The shoe was strange*, I tried anyway, it was too small.

They then ask me what language I speak. I answered I cannot speak, but I understand English. They repeated the question for many times and I answered many times, and someone asked if I am Chinese in Mandarin. They then asked me why I cannot speak. I asked them why they asked. They said they were trying to help. I asked what they could do with me not being able to speak, and not caring about the package being opened. They said it's ok.
