I suddenly feel a strong need to keep a daily. I am not a productive writer, nor English my native language. Please bear with me for the quality.

It has been four months since I applied for asylum in Lithuania. And I had my first Lithuanian lesson today. The lesson was given by someone said to be an immigrant that is waiting for work permit. It became Arabic lesson during the latter half. I barely understood anything about the Arabic. But one of the interesting thing is that it was said that there are many words for the same things in Arabic. For example, it was said that there are "300" different words for "lion".

Too bad I forgot to take photos of the Arabic. Only the last Lithuanian part remained when I return after lunch.

I am an unremarkable man. Writing daily was not something I would do. There was nothing interesting about me. Nothing worth noting. So why I am writing daily now?

I left my home city when there were ubiquitous surveillance and harassment for me. No device seemed to be safe and private. Every employment either made non-sense requirements or offered reduced salary. A very large portion of people I met, from teachers to passersby, keep referencing my activities or history, including what I did at home with all door and windows covered. My home would be invaded when I was out. Restaurants and takeaway shops tried to put things into my food. You can tell I am not proud to say this, but chance is that I have eaten literal human shits, piss or other unmentionable things before I noticed, or rather, believed. There were many other harassments that affected almost every ascept of my life, even when I went to public toilet. But I believe what I mentioned were reasons enough to leave already. Not to mention about the chance of forced disappearance or accusation of having psychological problems. Was the chance of dying high back there? Not really. Was there chance to live as a human with dignity? I didn't see any. Unless your dignity allows you to bend and be corrupted. That's what happens when you home is ruled by a People Repressing Country.

I lived on social security before I left, and saved money by keeping food varity minimal. I knew it would be extreme hard to get an employment in foreign lands without work permit so joining the volunteer army (International Legion) for Ukraine seemed to be the most valid option for me (or other volunteer group if they could at least provide the basic needs for living). Imagine that you are looking to volunteer but you also need help youself, it felt kind of bad to be honest. But I needed a change and they need manpower (at least that's what I believed) and believe or not, I considered about joining even before that, although I am not so sure now. Let there be no mistake, it is not that I realize that it is dangetous just now. I thought that more likely than not I wouldn't live to see the peace if they accept me and I might not even have the chance to get into a crossfire. But then it seemed to be a worthy cause as well as one of the very few options I had. I am not a resourceful man. I went to the Embassy of Ukraine in Warsaw for application.

I left after about a week of waiting without response. I know it was short but my finance was limited and I didn't feel safe waiting there. More troubles had happened as I took the flight, subtler harassment were there in Warsaw, and I were not confident with my devices even though I bought a new mobile phone on the way. If going back still seemed considerable when I booked the flight, it became out of the question when the troubles kept coming as I left. I decided to go to Lithuania to seek asylum.
